Which of the following operator is overloaded for object cout ?
(a) >>
(b) <<
(c) +
(d) =

What is the function used to describe the situation, when a function in base class is redefined in inherited class ?
(a) Inheritance
(b) Overriding
(c) Overloading
(d) Encapsulation

How can a call to an overloaded function be ambiguous ?
(a) By misspelling the name
(b) There might be two or more function with same name
(c) There might be two or more function with equally appropriate signatures
(d) None of these

Which one of the following is an application of Stack Data Structure?
(a) Managing function calls
(b) The stock span problem
(c) Arithmetic expression evaluation
(d) All of the above

Which of the following sorting algorithms can be used to sort a random linked list with minimum time complexity?
(a) Insertion Sort
(b) Quick Sort
(c) Heap Sort
(d) Merge Sort

A program P reads in 500 integers in the range [0..100] representing the scores of 500 students. It then prints the frequency of each score above 50. What would be the best way for P to store the frequencies?
(a) An array of 50 numbers
(b) An array of 100 numbers
(c) An array of 500 numbers
(d) A dynamically allocated array of 550 numbers

In the worst case, the number of comparisons needed to search a singly linked list of length n for a given element is
(a) log(2*n)
(b) n/2
(c) log(2*n) -1
(d) n

What is the worst case possible height of AVL tree?
(a) 2Logn Assume base of log is 2
(b) 1.44log n Assume base of log is 2
(c) Depends upon implementation
(d) Theta(n)

Given a hash table T with 25 slots that stores 2000 elements, the load factor α for T is
(a) 80
(b) 0.0125
(c) 8000
(d) 1.25

An advantage of chained hash table (external hashing) over the open addressing scheme is
(a) Worst case complexity of search operations is less
(b) Space used is less
(c) Deletion easier
(d) None of the above

What is the implicit return type of constructor?
(a) No return type
(b) A class object in which it is defined
(c) void 
(d) None

When is the object created with a new keyword?
(a) At run time
(b) At compile time
(c) Depends on the code
(d) None
